hi everyone so we're looking at a samsung
galaxy note 2 it is sixty-four gigabyte
marble white version and i want to give
you glimpse of what to
expect when owning a
64GB samsung galaxy note 2
definitely you don't get the
entire sixty four gigabytes and
it looks like they do take a
little bit more for the system as
well
it looks like
the total space
reported here is
52.75 GB
total space is available to you
and doing
calculations
it look like the result about 4.48GB
for the system
so does 4.48GB
plus
52.75GB
equal 64GB
in any sense
i think it comes up a little short but
still
fifty gigabytes is a lot
a lot to work with and if you have
one of these
it's a 64GB micro
SDXC card
so this gives you an additional fifteen
nine point some gigabytes
so
in the end you end up with over 110GB
storage space
so that's definitely a lot to work
with what can you do with all that
memories it's up to you but what i like
doing is I like
downloading videos on the internet
and then i watch them on
the go I'm here in Korea
and i ride the subway a lot and
it is a great place to catch up
on all the TV shows that you missed out
and with
110GB space
you could put all the
episodes you want to watch and maybe you
could
include an entire seasons of
your favorite shows like i have a
entire nine seasons of seinfeld with me
and
all the episodes of the
office and all of the twilight zone
I like to just have those around and i
watch one of them
and it's kinda like chicken soup for the soul
kinda feels good just
know that you could watch any of those
episodes when you
have them with you
or if you just like carrying a large
amount of files it's a great way to do
it
so
anyway I put the 64GB
storage card and now it reports
additional 59.46GB storage space
and it is
mostly full
so that's what it feels
like a
owning a smartphone that has
almost 128
gigabytes
of storage space
that's all i want to show you